Rockets, a font by John Stracke, <http://www.thibault.org/fonts/>.

This is a font meant to evoke space travel.  I started with a capital
A based on the shape of a 1950s rocket, and went from there.  The
capital O is the Earth; the lowercase o is the Moon; the lowercase c
is a crescent moon...and many other characters are based on those
four.

The font has 757 characters (including some duplicates and some
characters which are used only as accents for other characters): all
of ASCII, Latin-1, Latin Extended A, about a third of Latin Extended
B, Latin Extended Additional, plus a bunch of punctuation
characters. If you find that some character from your language is not
quite right, please be kind; the only languages I've known are Latin,
English, Spanish, and German, which means that most of the letters
outside ASCII are new to me. It has a Euro symbol.

It is released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License (LGPL).  You should have received a copy of the LGPL along
with this program; it's in a file called COPYING.LIB.  If not, write
to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330,
Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA, or see
<http://www.fsf.org/licenses/gpl.txt>.

Where the LGPL refers to "source code", I take that to refer to the
file called Rockets.sfd, which is a file for editing with FontForge
(see <http://fontforge.sourceforge.net>), an outline font editor
program.  FontForge is not GPLed, but its license does seem to count
as free software (it's BSD-style, without the advertising clause).
Thus, according to the LGPL, if you distribute this font, you must
make Rockets.sfd available to the recipient(s) under the terms the
LGPL specifies for source availability.

At the time of this writing, Rockets.sfd is available on my
Website at <http://www.thibault.org/fonts/rockets/>.
